Update readme to remove mention of DockerHub registry (#1558)
ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web: SPRINTLOG.md

# 2024-09-24 - 2024-10-04

- Add option to motd command for sending to unit users only([#1552](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web/pull/1552))

# 2024-10-07 - 2024-10-18

> - Update readme to remove mention of DockerHub registry([#1558](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web/pull/1558))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update readme: backend image is published to GHCR, not DockerHub  ([#1558](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web/pull/1558))
```
